# Wit.AI NLP for Charyf

This gem provides an adapter to Wit.AI service. Wit.AI is an free natural language processing which can be used to determine user intents in natural language.

# Getting Started

## Installing to existing charyf applicaiton

Add this line to your charyf application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'witai-charyf'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Then add the wit.ai to the applocation loads by adding line to ``config/load.rb``
```ruby
require 'witai/charyf'
```

To generate the intializer run
```bash
charyf generate witai:install
```

You should be welcomed by the message
```
      create  config/initializers/wit.rb
      notice  Wit installed
		      Do not forget to set wit intent processor in application configuration
			       config.enabled_intent_processors = [.., :wit, ..]
```

You can configure the processor inside ``config/initializers/wit.rb`` which was generated by the installer


Now enable wit.ai processor inside your application config (``config/application.rb``) or specific environment config (e.g.: ``config/environments/development.rb``)

```ruby
config.enabled_intent_processors = [.., :wit, ..]
```

## Install with new charyf application
You can add wit as intent processor during generation of new application. Just use 
``--intent-processors=wit`` as argument with your ``charyf new ...`` command.

When installing wit along charyf new application, ``config/loads.rb`` and configuration inside ``config/application.rb`` will be populated automatically.

You can configure the processor inside ``config/initializers/wit.rb`` which was generated by the installer    

## Usage

### Configure

```ruby
WitAI::Charyf::Extension.configure do
  # Set to you Wit.AI App API Key
  # As charyf uses wit only to determine intent you can use
  # either server or client key
  #
  # config.api_key = 'PUMSOASDDB43HCJ3OMBOXKEENOOS92WDI6' <- your API key
end
```

### Defining intents

See https://wit.ai/docs/quickstart gudie to learn how to define intents using wit.

Don't forget to wait for training to finish.

Intent names are then routed inside charyf. If you define intent value *some_intent* then you can route this intent name inside charyf's router.

Define routing as usually using *config/routes.rb*

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Wit::Nlp::Charyf project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/wit-nlp-charyf/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
